update doc for IndexMerge GA (#7348)
pingcap/docs: optimizer-hints.md

> **Note:**
>

> > `NO_INDEX_MERGE` has a higher priority over `USE_INDEX_MERGE`. When both hints are used, `USE_INDEX_MERGE` does not take effect. And `NO_INDEX_MERGE` only takes effect in the outermost sub-query block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `NO_INDEX_MERGE` has a higher priority over `USE_INDEX_MERGE`. When both hints are used, `USE_INDEX_MERGE` does not take effect. 
>
> - `NO_INDEX_MERGE` only takes effect in the outermost sub-query block.
```

> **Note:**
>
> - `NO_INDEX_MERGE` has a higher priority over `USE_INDEX_MERGE`. When both hints are used, `USE_INDEX_MERGE` does not take effect. 

> >
> > - `NO_INDEX_MERGE` only takes effect in the outermost sub-query block.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - For a subquery, `NO_INDEX_MERGE` only takes effect when it is placed at the outermost level of the subquery.
```
